In this collage preview, I am showing the beginning steps to the background of my project. The vision here is to have a bunch of layered news clippings about the Michigan State shooting that happened late Monday, February 12th. This aspect of my collage is meant to be visually overwhelming, as the point is not necessarily to read all the news headings, but to represent the abundance of coverage on this horrendous event. This chaotic feeling is supposed to resemble the situation. A chaotic, incomprehensible event that is overwhelming to read or think about. This is what you see in my current preview of my collage GIMP file. However, this represents the beginning stage of my project. My goal is to select a cut out image of University students smiling in the bottom of the page, overlaying some of the background news clippings. On top of the image of the students, I want to put bold text with the words “We are not meant to be a statistic”. The decision to have the students smiling and not said is intentional. It is meant to show the purity of students. Students are truly happy to be attending school, and pursuing their education. They are the highlight of this image, and are meant to represent a kind of light, as the text over top and images behind them are so dark. This juxtaposition is meant to evoke an emotional response from the viewer. To see this image and truly reflect on how dark times have gotten, and how unfair and scary a school classroom can be for originally joyful and passionate students. At the very bottom of this image/poster, I am going to include the contact information of “Protect Our Schools” ( http://protectourschools.com/) an organization aimed to bring awareness to gun violence. My hope is to ultimately represent this call-to-action argument surrounding ending gun violence, specifically involving school shootings.  
